again the children of Israel did evil in
the sight of the Lord and the Lord
delivered them into the hand of the
Philistines for forty years now there
was a certain man from Zoda of the
family of the Danites whose name was
Manoah and his wife was barren and had
no children and the angel of the Lord
appeared to the woman and said to her
indeed now you are barren and have borne
no children but you shall conceive and
bear a son
now therefore please be careful not to
drink wine or similar drink and not to
eat anything unclean for behold
you shall conceive and bear a son and no
razor shall come upon his head for the
child should be a Nazarite to God from
the womb and he shall begin to deliver
Israel out of the hand of the
Philistines
so the woman came and told her husband a
man of God came to me and his
countenance was like the countenance of
the angel of God very awesome but I did
not ask him where he was from and he did
not tell me his name and he said to me
behold you shall conceive and bear a son
now drink no wine or similar drink nor
eat anything unclean for the child shall
be a Nazarite to God from the womb to
the day of his death
then the Noah prayed to the Lord and
said o my lord please let the man of God
whom you sent come to us again and teach
us what we shall do for the child who
will be born and God listened to the
voice of Leonora and the angel of God
came to the woman again as she was
sitting in the field but Manila
her husband was not with her
then the woman ran in haste and told her
husband and said to him look the man who
came to me the other day has just now
appeared to me
so Manoa arose and followed his wife
when he came to the man he said to him
are you the man who spoke to this woman
I am now let your words come to pass
what will be the boys rule of life and
his work of all that I said to the woman
that her be careful she may not eat
anything that comes from the vine nor
make she drink wine or similar drink nor
eat anything unclean all that I
commanded her let her observe please let
us detain you and we will prepare a
young goat for you though you detain me
I will not eat your food
but if you offer a burnt offering
you must offer it to the Lord for Manoa
did not know he was the angel of the
Lord then Manoa said to the angel of the
Lord what is your name that when your
words come to pass we may honor you why
do you ask my name
seeing it is wonderful
so menara took the young goat with the
grain offering and offered it upon the
rock to the Lord and he did a wondrous
thing while Manoah and his wife looked
on it happened as the flame went up
toward heaven from the altar the angel
of the Lord ascended in the flame of the
altar when the Knauer and his wife saw
this they fell on their faces to the
ground when the angel of the Lord
appeared no more terminar and his wife
then manner knew that he was the angel
of the Lord and Manoah said to his wife
he should surely die because we have
seen God the Lord had desired to kill us
he would not have accepted a burnt
offering and a grain offering from our
hands nor would he have shown us all
these things nor would he have told us
such things as these at this time so the
woman bought a son and called his name
Samson and the child grew and the Lord
blessed him
and the Spirit of the Lord began to move
upon him at may her name Dan between
zorah and eshtaol
you
[Music]